Update/cd bounds (#40)
UCD-DART/vectorsurv.org: _docs/tools/spatial-tools.md

Saved spatial features are useful for filtering within an agency for output/export files. Get started by clicking on "New Feature", then "Add Polygon". Click on the map to add as many vertices as necessary. Name the feature and tick the boxes for the appropriate sharing settings. You can save the feature by clicking on "Save Feature" or "Save Feature As" to use it for data visualization.

> You can also directly import features saved from another mapping software using the boxes to the right. A public layer indicates that these boundaries can be shown on future [public-facing maps](https://maps.vectorsurv.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also directly import features saved from another mapping software using the boxes to the right. Importing a feature as a public layer means that it will be available to be included on [public-facing maps](https://maps.vectorsurv.org) that may be developed in the future.
```

![Spatial features boxes]({{ site.baseur1 }}/assets/images/docs/spatial-features-boxes.PNG)

> If you are looking to add or update the primary spatial representation of your agency's boundaries as appears on the [public-facing maps](https://maps.vectorsurv.org), contact the VectorSurv team directly at [help@vectorsurv.org](mailto:help@vectorsurv.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to add or update the primary spatial representation of your agency's boundaries as it appears on the [public-facing maps](https://maps.vectorsurv.org), contact the VectorSurv team directly at [help@vectorsurv.org](mailto:help@vectorsurv.org).
```
